♪ I love that ♪
♪ Love. love that ♪
[lively electronic music playing]
♪ I love that
Girl. yeah. we vibin'… ♪
-We look good together.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Yeah. all right.
-Cheers. [laughs] Let's kill it.
-[Blake] Let's have a good time.
♪ Take a look around. wow… ♪
-Oh! What am I doing?
-[Jebin] It's all good.
I was trying to get out of my--
You know what. forget it.
Hi.
It's dating week. I'm a newly single lady.
-[Blake] You look good.
-You too.
It is insane
that I'm dating five other guys.
-I'm feeling more comfortable with you.
-Me too. We're on the same vision.
-Yeah. no doubt.
-[Monica] What a gent.
Thank you.
I really want to find somebody
that has those qualities
that I want in a husband.
As soon as someone would tell me
that I'm doing something wrong…
-Immediate defense.
-I'd bring back something from the past.
-I don't do the petty tit-for-tat. No. no.
-[laughs] Yeah.
What's up? Took you forever to come talk.
How's everything going?
-Are you jealous already? [laughs]
-[laughs] No. Stop it.
I was livid at the cocktail party.
-You don't care.
-Yes. I do care.
No. you don't.
Your words say one thing.
but your actions say something else.
[tense music plays]
So. now I'm trying to focus
on why we're here.
And to be honest. I am having
so much fun dating these five guys.
Don't be fooled. Just 'cause I dress nice
doesn't mean I can't get down and dirty.
[both laugh]
I've been flirting a little bit.
enjoying myself.
But things are getting serious.
We're connecting more with other people.
-You would say you're a God-fearing woman?
-Mm-hm.
That's impressive.
-Absolutely.
-That's what I look for in a spouse.
-Ooh. ooh. ooh. This is cute.
-Yeah.
At the end of this week is The Choice.
I have to choose
the best Trial Marriage partner for me
because if my ex isn't ready to marry me.
then I am moving on either by myself
or with someone else that I meet here.
-I can't avoid a conversation with you.
-No.
-'Cause you're in my head. [laughs]
-Oh. we are sharing a brain cell.
♪ But I needed something more ♪
[lively electronic pop music playing]
♪ But I needed something more… ♪
-You'll reel with this hand. right?
-Yeah. and you go that way.
With this hand.
go like this with this finger.
-[Monica] Okay.
-Then flip the bail.
-[Monica] With the same hand?
-You can with the other hand if you want.
-[Monica] Okay.
-Don't throw the rod in the water.
-[laughs]
-Okay.
-So go to your right side. right?
-Uh-huh. And then I let go--
-You let go of the finger with the string.
-Okay.
[David] But hold-- Keep the other one.
Perfect. Look at you!
You're natural.
Let me get mine real quick.
-And now I reel it in?
-Yeah. you reel it in.
It's gotta be a constant speed
so it doesn't hook onto anything in back.
-Okay. you tell me when to go.
-On three. One. two. three. go.
[tender music playing]
-Oh. that's so cute.
-[both laugh]
-Look at your shirt with your eyes.
-[laughs]
-You know how to dress very well.
-Thank you.
You look like a fishing supermodel.
[Monica] David and I
definitely have some chemistry.
We just have fun.
He should cancel
the rest of his dates today.
I'll cancel mine.
and we'll just start our Trial Marriage.
[laughs]
-I'm very open to trying anything once.
-[David] I'm the same way.
[Monica] For us being given The Ultimatum.
I think that's why we're here.
Something like this.
I'm like. "Yeah. let's do it."
I haven't been thinking about my ex. Luke.
So now I'm like. what?
Just kidding. [laughs]
Oh my gosh.
Why are you coming closer to me?
[music fades]
-Switch me. Hey. she's my date.
-[geese honk]
-[laughs] Let's go!
-[laughs] I owe you my life.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Okay. so if we lived together--
Wait. hold up. How do you sleep?
-All the lights off? No noise? Or TV on?
-Yeah.
-No TV on. Do you sleep with the TV on?
-No. no. I can't.
-But I do like white noise.
-Me too.
-Okay. So like-- Yes.
-I need a fan noise or sound machine.
Yeah. Okay. I'm the same way.
And then I have blackout curtains.
-Oh. perfect.
-Yeah?
-Okay. we sleep the same.
-I'm the same too.
How are you in bed? Are you a cuddler?
-Big spoon. little spoon?
-Oh my gosh. I'm a cuddler.
-For real?
-For real.
-I like to cuddle.
-Yeah. Do you have a side?
Yeah. I like. um.
the side closest to the door.
-Mm. Protect.
-Yeah.
-It's your instincts. I can see it.
-Yeah. it is. It's-- Yup.
And. let's say. when you're having sex
with your partner.
are you more of a submissive.
or are you dominant or…?
[sultry. pensive music playing]
-You like to--
-Sometimes I like to take control.
-Okay. that's nice.
-Yeah. but I do like to switch up.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-[laughs]
-That's good. I like that.
Are you usually more dominant?
-Yeah. I like to take control.
-Okay. Yeah.
-Follow my lead type of thing. you know.
-Mm-hm.
It's important to mix it up
with your partner
and keep things interesting.
especially if you're going to be
with somebody for your whole entire life.
Physical intimacy also helps to have
that close connection with somebody too.
If a dry spell happens. there's ways
to get each other back in the mood.
Like. maybe go to a nice dinner
and stop at the sex store on the way home.
-Sounds fun. You sound like a good time.
-See? I know what I'm doing.
-You do know what…
-[laughs]
[David] My ex gave me The Ultimatum.
and I honestly didn't want to be here.
but I'm having fun.
I'm enjoying the process.
Monica is just so strong
and just more confident than Casey.
but then she got that fun side too.
that can get crazy and wild.
I can see marrying someone like Monica.
Also love a. you know.
blonde hair. fit. blue eyes woman too.
-Definitely a turn-on. attractive.
-Mm. So I'm your type.
-Yeah.
-Big muscles. That's a turn-on for me.
[both laugh]
[softly] Check.
[upbeat pop music playing]
Check.
♪ These are the days ♪
♪ These are the days we'll remember… ♪
[Jebin] These are nice though.
These houses.
Yeah. they're like little condos.
Would you want
to live off a lake like this?
So I've lived on a lake before
in. like. Dallas area.
-My grandfather had a lake house there.
-Did you have a boat on the backside?
-He did. He had some jet skis.
-Okay.
I was thinking about a lot of things
right before we got here.
If you were to be one. uh.
type of sea life. what would you choose?
-Hm. Maybe a dolphin or an orca.
-I don't know what an orca is.
-Orca. Orca…
-Black whales with the white spots on it?
Like. the one white spot.
I don't know how to explain it.
-The black whale.
-Just a whale?
-A killer whale.
-Killer whale.
-Yeah.
-So. like. uh. Moby Dick?
[lilting music playing]
-No.
-Not the same--
Maybe-- Was Moby Dick
the one that was killing the whales?
I've seen in Jurassic World. they have.
like. those really big dinosaurs.
-The orcas? Okay. that's the only… Okay.
-You know?
The one that killed
the really big dinosaur in the movie.
-Have you seen the latest?
-Yeah.
-Like. he comes out.
-Mm-hm. Yes. Yeah.
-Just saw it.
-That's not an orca.
This expedited process
has been super difficult. honestly.
because you don't have a lot of time.
So you have to really take advantage
of every conversation
with every person that you date.
And Jebin's a sweetheart.
but I can tell he's a jokester.
But I'm also open
to seeing who he is as a person.
He's here for a reason.
so I want to pick his brain a little bit.
-Okay.
-[Jebin groans]
I'm taking this seriously 'cause I'm ready
for something other than a promise ring.
I don't want another piece of jewelry.
other than an engagement ring.
So if that's not for you.
then you're not for me.
What is your type of person?
Like. a partner?
Uh. I would say a caretaker.
I would say I'm looking for
more of like a traditional woman.
But I would definitely like
to live somewhere like this.
Like. just have water in the back.
You know. some ducks.
I'd be scared of crocodiles.
I am scared of random dying moments.
I know that sounds dumb.
Interesting.
-Is your only girlfriend…
-Yeah. Been Alex. Yeah.
-Was Alex. Okay.
-Yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah. Right. I'm in the grocery store.
I feel like as time goes on.
I become. like. more and more great.
[pensive music playing]
You feel she benefits to that?
-She helped you become a better person?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Whether it's Alex or somebody else.
you want to make each other better.
-[Jebin] Yeah.
-You know what I mean?
What do you think is stronger.
a Grizzly bear or a Silverback gorilla?
That's actually a big question.
This is not the type of date
I think I've ever been on
in my life. honestly.
Could you ever see yourself
getting an exotic animal pet?
-I always wanted a monkey.
-Really?
Yeah. I saw another story where it was.
like. "Monkey ripped off their face."
-Yeah. and…
-Oh my God.
He has his thoughts on random stuff.
and he will let me know. [laughs]
What does it mean
to rip off somebody's face?
What does the face look like?
[Casey] The way your mind works
is just really funny. [laughs]
My ex gave me an ultimatum.
and today I'm feeling free.
-[Jessica Grace] J Money.
-How's it going?
-Brother.
-It feels good being back on the market.
-I like the Louis Vuitton.
-Thank you.
-Yeah--
-[Jebin] Can't forget it.
-Yeah. a little--
-I want to flex while I'm here. [laughs]
You know. I'm having a good time.
There's a lot of quality aspects
I could bring to a Trial Marriage.
I always did well in school and stuff.
I was the guy that was--
The guy that didn't have to study
and aced all the tests.
-I hated those guys.
-No. I--
Why wouldn't you want me
as a Trial Marriage partner? You know?
Like. ax-throwing.
I'm wondering.
"Are those. like. real axes?"
'Cause I've seen some come back.
-You've seen some?
-Mm-hm.
Like. I've never seen somebody get hit.
but what if they got hit?
-I know. You never know.
-Would they die?
♪ Can you make my head
My mind follow my heart? ♪
♪ Love me now
Show me all your cards ♪
♪ Don't give up
You know you've got a lot to prove ♪
♪ You know… ♪
-Killian.
-What's up?
-Hey. it's good to see you.
-You look great. Like always.
-You're all black.
-I know. Like. "This isn't very picnic-y."
I gave my ex-partner.
Jebin. The Ultimatum.
I'm at a point
where I'm ready to settle down.
[Killian] Perfect.
-Cool.
-One and done.
[Alex] At the end of this.
like. my main goal
is to have a ring from Jebin.
or I'm moving on with someone else
that will accept me for all of me.
So. what do you want
if we were to get into a Trial Marriage?
I think trying to get
a better understanding of. like.
how someone else deals with things.
-Mm-hm.
-How they think about…
Like. you gave The Ultimatum.
So. like. understanding
where your thoughts are on that more.
-Yeah.
-I guess. you know?
Because being with someone
who also gave The Ultimatum.
maybe you can say it differently to me
than hearing it from my ex. Ashley.
Yeah. exactly. Everyone's different.
I feel like the reason
I gave The Ultimatum
is because I feel like I have to change
for Jebin to accept me
and get down on a knee.
Like. I just want to feel like…
-Chosen?
-Mm-hm.
I mean. it's also. like. he's young too.
so he's less mature. but…
I'm almost 30.
[laughs]
Do you think there should be rules?
Like. the wife should be…
-Like. traditional?
-Staying home. cooking. cleaning…
-I'm personally not like that.
-Okay.
Like. I clean
whenever I feel like cleaning.
Okay.
If laundry's there.
I'll do both our laundry.
I'm not gonna leave
your laundry out of there.
If there's one thing I'd really say
that I don't like is when the girl drives.
I just feel a little bit feminine
when I'm riding shotgun.
-Like. passenger princess. That type.
-Yeah. passenger princess.
-Good. [laughs]
-[laughs]
[hopeful music playing]
Did we talk about
if you like affection in public?
Not in public.
I don't do the in-public stuff.
-Mm-hm.
-Have you seen The Kardashians?
-Kourtney. and what is his name?
-My God. Travis.
-Travis. like. making out.
-That is disgusting.
I cannot do that.
-I know. I've thought that every time.
-And they're old. At that point.
I think they're 40-plus.
-Mm-hm.
-It's very strange.
-You're athletic. right? You like to…
-Yeah. I started to get athletic.
-And cheer.
-Mm-hm.
Were you a base?
-Did you lift the flyers up?
-Mm-hm.
-I did everything. Except for dance.
-Okay.
-I can't dance.
-Do you tumble?
-Yeah. I can still flip. yeah.
-You can?
-Wait. get up and do a flip. [laughs]
-I'm not doing a flip.
-Wait. do it. Do it. Actually.
-I haven't done one in two years.
Oh my God. All right.
Let's hope it's not bad. Ready?
Oh my God.
-Oh! Okay. slay!
-[grunts] That's good. There we go.
-Good job. High five.
-Thank you.
-That's good.
-I haven't done that in. like. two years.
You did good.
-I used to do double backflips.
-Holy cow.
[laughs]
I think Killian's Trial Marriage material.
At first. literally. all I pictured was.
like. Ken doll. but he's really cool.
Very easy to talk to. I laugh with him.
I can be myself around him.
He's more mature than Jebin.
So I'm down to be a passenger princess.
I'm fine with that.
He can take the lead.
We're definitely very similar.
and together we can definitely grow.
So I can see you. like…
wait. what is it. Trial Marriage?
-[laughing] Yes. Trial Marriage.
-[laughs]
♪ All I want is someone who gets me ♪
♪ 'Til then. I'm not settling… ♪
-[Blake] You know how to drive a boat?
-[Ashley] No.
-With a boat. there's no brake…
-There's no brake on a boat?
No. So your brake is reverse.
Let's have some fun.
-See if this bad boy can roll a bit.
-Oh shit!
[both laugh]
Scary! [laughs]
I issued The Ultimatum to my ex. Killian.
I love Killian
more than anything in the world.
but I'm ready to get married now.
I like that you're on the same side
of the situation as I am.
We're giving The Ultimatum. like.
the whole reason is we want to be chosen.
-Yeah.
-I like that.
-[both laugh]
-[hopeful music playing]
[Ashley] Blake is outgoing. He's handsome.
He's from Texas. like me.
He really loves family and has that drive.
And whenever I think of
who I would want in a husband.
he does hold all of those characteristics.
Now you're gonna steer.
That's normal. like driving a car.
So. on a boat. do you have to drive…
If you're trying to go left. you go right?
-No. So. go ahead. Make. like. a circle.
-No. Okay.
-[Blake] Not too bad.
-Look at me go! [laughs]
Oh. I know how to drive a boat.
[both laugh]
[Blake] There's a boat coming at you.
You honk at them. say. "I'm right here."
So what are you gonna do?
-[boat horn honks]
-[both laugh]
-[Ashley laughs] That's awesome.
-[Blake] Yeah.
Let me see you. I can see your eyes now.
I'll take that off.
[Blake] I love this.
-This is romantic too. right?
-I know!
[music fades]
I think. in past relationships.
I never voiced what was important to me.
-I just went along with the relationship.
-Yeah.
And like I told you.
I had a tendency to stay in relationships
longer than I should have.
I've had guys who'd cheat on me.
and I'd still go back.
just because I don't have that in me
to. like. give up on it.
So I'll accept you. like. and who you are.
rather than put my needs first.
-Yeah. Mm-hm.
-I think I need to voice that a lot more.
That's where I need
to work on my communication.
Like. telling someone what I need
instead of holding it in and expecting it.
-Right.
-[poignant pensive music playing]
So explain to me the full package
and. like. your perfect guy.
-Build-a-boyfriend?
-[both laugh]
The biggest characteristics
in somebody that I want
is dependable. loyal.
loving. caring. reassuring.
They don't have to be
the most successful person.
but as long as they have
a drive for something
and have something that motivates them…
-Yeah.
-Like. what motivates you?
Whoo. I'd say. at this point in my life.
I'm definitely money-motivated.
I have this vision of. you know.
being able to take care of a family.
And. you know. make sure
that all their needs are taken care of.
-Like. "Oh my gosh."
-"I made it."
Yeah. "I made it. [exhales]
Checked that box off. I'm not a failure."
Your checkbox? You need to not do
a checkbox with yourself either.
-Do you do that to yourself?
-I think so.
-You do?
-Yeah.
[Ashley] You don't have to be perfect.
[gentle music playing]
I want you to. like. not think
that you always have to be the provider
and the strong person.
You deserve to be taken care of too.
It was a great date with Ashley.
I had a lot of fun.
As these dates have progressed.
our chemistry has kind of sparked as well.
-That does make me feel heard.
-Sweet. Yay.
-I want to see the softer side of you.
-Yeah.
I gave my ex. Hayley. The Ultimatum.
and I think that Ashley is. you know.
totally different from any girl
that I've dated in the past.
She's listening to me.
and she cares genuinely
about my perspective.
She checks all the boxes
in somebody that I would want to be
in a committed marriage with.
I can't believe
that this is actually happening right now.
I want you to be able to let someone in
and be emotional and show who Blake is.
-That means a lot.
-Yeah.
[Blake] Shows me that you care.
♪ Thinking I could build a life
With somebody like you ♪
♪ Somebody. somebody ♪
♪ Somebody like you. yeah… ♪
-Thank you.
-Yup.
♪ Somebody like you. yeah ♪
[music fades]
-[Hayley] Are you a breakfast person?
-I have to now.
I wasn't before.
but now I eat. like. five eggs.
-Okay.
-Sometimes I'll slug them.
[laughing] Just pop them back.
-Just raw. Yeah.
-[quirky music playing]
-I know. It's nasty. but it's fast.
-Oh my God!
-Put a little bit of salt in the cup.
-Ugh.
-I know!
-[music fades]
Would you say you're.
like. an adventurous person?
-Yeah. I like that.
-What's the craziest thing you've done?
I used to barefoot water ski.
which is water-skiing without skis.
-What?
-Yeah.
But you have to go 50-60 miles per hour.
But I crashed and did a complete.
you know. six rolls.
My heels were at my head type thing.
[laughs] Yeah.
It knocked the air out of me.
That was the closest
death experience I had.
-Barefoot.
-So fun.
It was fun. actually.
You. like. lived five lives before.
I know. a lot.
-Thank you.
-Yep.
[tender music playing]
Did I tell you I used to be on a ski team?
-No.
-My whole family was on a water ski team.
That's why I did stuff like that.
My family's pretty. like. broken up.
so I've always wanted
someone with a solid family.
-Feeling a part of. like. a unit.
-Mm-hm.
-You know? That's what I love.
-That's good to know.
-Yeah.
-For sure.
[music fades]
What are things that you find
most attractive in a partner?
Someone who enjoys
learning day-to-day in life.
I feel like people who stop learning
just come to a hold. and they never grow.
Yeah. It's a very important trait.
Yeah. that's a big one for me.
Being with someone
who's emotionally aware.
Right. Yeah.
That's something
that I am also looking for.
Because right now. I feel like
I have a ball and chain stuck to me.
-And I'm like. "Okay. come on."
-Mm-hm.
Like. you know. teaching someone.
Yeah. It's hard sometimes
trying to tell your partner or someone.
-Like. "You should try and act this way."
-Mm-hm.
Like. you're more responsible
or something.
-But--
-No. I agree.
-I hate yelling.
-Okay.
Cursing at someone.
I am not okay with that.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I have yelled before.
-Oh. me too. Yeah.
-Um…
I really don't like to go to bed upset.
But is it worth saying harsher things
to each other and keeping it going?
Instead of just trying to understand.
"I did something wrong."
I should either own up to it.
apologize. or talk through it.
Mm-hm.
-But that took a while for me to do.
-Yeah.
To me. it sounds like
you're emotionally intelligent.
Yeah. I try to be.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Yeah.
Killian shocked me.
He has such a good personality.
but on top of that.
to have such emotional intelligence.
I'm feeling just super. like.
on top of the world in a way.
Being that someone I met a week ago
is fulfilling the needs
that I'm missing in my ex-relationship.
♪ Gave you everything you need… ♪
[poignant pop music playing]
-[David] Hello. How are you doing?
-Hello! I'm good. How are you?
But then there's David.
-It's gonna be great.
-I know.
-You scared of heights?
-No. Are you?
No. Come on. I'm tall.
We have so many similarities to a T.
We can just sit down right here.
-This is nice.
-[Hayley] This is so fun.
-[David] You want my jacket?
-Wow. Thank you.
So I'm just figuring out
who I think would be
a great Trial Marriage partner
for me in my experience.
-What's your worst fear in marriage?
-[music fades]
-Them leaving.
-Okay.
Them getting up and just leaving.
You know?
Had a lot of people
come in my life and leave.
With my ex-partner. Casey.
that sense of fear is still there
because it is possible.
-You know?
-Mm-hm. That's true.
-100%.
-Mm-hm.
But you were issued The Ultimatum.
so you're not ready. right?
Because of something
that someone else is doing.
-Oh. okay.
-[pensive music playing]
-There's something I'm missing.
-Something that-- Okay. yeah.
That is not allowing me
to fully invest myself
and take that next step.
-You know?
-Yeah.
-That's hard.
-What would that be? But what is it?
-It's the emotional side of it.
-The emotional-- Yeah. I know.
That's what I want.
So it's like.
if you can't give me that. then…
You know. Yeah.
Anything you want to know.
anything you're curious about.
living with a Trial Marriage partner?
How do you give love?
I'm very affectionate.
so I like to touch. for sure.
I like the touch. You?
What's one of your love languages?
-One? I literally have all of them.
-Stop. Oh. you're that perfect?
-[both laugh]
-I'm serious. I give all of them.
-I knew it.
-I'm serious.
♪ You must be the right time
Right place to fall in… ♪
What about physical?
What would turn you on?
♪ Can you be the one… ♪
Like. what gets you. like…
just blood flowing. you know?
Hot and bothered.
Biting's one.
-Ooh. no way. No way.
-Oh my gosh. [laughs]
-Yeah.
-That's one of mine too. Definitely.
-I don't know if I've said that out loud.
-That's funny.
I don't think
I ever told anyone that either.
[laughing] Oh my gosh.
♪ Be the one… ♪
Okay. deep question.
-Oh stop!
-[both laughing]
♪ Be my one ♪
[David] I love this view right here.
It is beautiful though.
What'd you say would be the hardest thing
you've ever gone through in life?
-Losing my stepdad.
-Mm-hm.
Just because. like. after that happened.
my whole life changed.
[poignant music playing]
When my stepdad died. CPS got involved.
And then I went to live
with my dad in Dallas.
And that was. like.
such a low point in my life.
Yeah.
Just because you go from not having
a relationship with your father. ever…
It was definitely
that feeling of feeling lost and. like.
just going through the motions.
just because I didn't have a set space
or. like. an "identity." you know?
-In high school.
-I get you 100%.
You know?
I get it. I understand because. you know.
I was raised by my stepfather too.
Like. my dad didn't teach me
how to be a man. My stepfather did.
And then he had heart problems.
Being there and taking him.
like. every day.
Showering him.
lifting him up. and feeding him
and making sure he's good.
that was one of the hardest things.
Seeing him. the person who taught me
everything. dying. you know what I mean?
When I was taking him
to the hospital one time. he was like.
"I regret working so much."
You know. "I wish I had more time
with the people I love."
And that hit me. I'm like. "Damn."
It made me feel like. you know.
I gotta be closer to family.
[Hayley] Mm-hm.
Wow. That's really good.
-Good? I just told you my trauma.
-I got scared. [laughing]
-"Comfort me." [laughing]
-You're like. "Oh. that's good." [laughs]
Oh. sorry.
I am feeling butterflies.
I was not expecting butterflies at all.
-Your smile brightens my day.
-Aw.
[tender pop music playing]
♪ Calling me in. calling me close ♪
♪ Fall into your gravity ♪
[Hayley] I'm confused.
I didn't think
that this was going to happen here.
Whoa.
♪ When we're falling
There's no need for talking ♪
♪ You can keep me locked in ♪
♪ Take it slow ♪
♪ In your afterglow ♪
[music fades]
I put this chain on. looked in the mirror.
like. "Uh-oh. I kinda look like David."
He's here in spirit for you.
You're welcome.
Appreciate it. [laughs]
Let's remove it.
No. I'm just kidding. [laughs]
-That was too funny. The chain looks nice.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-Yeah. You look good today.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-You're very pretty.
-I need you to know that.
-I appreciate that.
[tender music playing]
[music turns lively]
-As a child. would you consider…
-I've never gotten in trouble.
-That was--
-I never got in trouble.
If a teacher ever even raised
their voice near me. I would cry.
-Like. I was…
-Were you like a goody-goody?
-Yeah. Like…
-That's adorable.
I've never gotten in trouble.
I'm a rule follower. I still am. but--
-I still kind of get that vibe.
-Oh. you do? Okay. Thank you.
-In a cute way. I promise.
-Okay.
[music fades]
We would not have gotten along as kids.
-I get the vibe you're a class clown.
-100%.
When I got the quiet goody to laugh
at my jokes. it meant the world. so…
-Oh. good.
-If you were laughing. I'd love it.
Would've made your day. Every day.
It's a red flag if you didn't.
I'm not gonna lie. Gonna be honest.
-Passed the test. Scary.
-That was close.
-Close one.
-Really.
-I know. God.
-Right on the edge.
Don't put me there anymore. okay?
That's a close one. [laughing nervously]
Just kidding.
[gentle music playing]
-No.
-Look it. Look it. Look it.
-[Casey] I know. I just saw her.
-[laughs]
-[Casey] Oh my goodness.
-That little dress.
-I know.
-[Luke laughs]
-You want kids?
-Oh. yeah.
-Yeah?
How soon do you want kids?
-My answer to kids was always 30-31.
-Mm-hm.
-Thinking I'd be married at 27-28.
So. now I'm 30.
Hopefully. getting married soon.
Yeah.
The idea is a couple years.
maybe a year. year and a half.
-Be married first. Yeah.
-No kids. just be married for a while.
-Enjoy life as married.
-That's exactly what I want. Yep.
I also was born to be a mother.
I want to be a mother.
-I can see you being a really good mom.
-Really? Thank you.
-That same peaceness.
-That means a lot.
I feel taken care of when I talk to you.
so I can only imagine
how you'd treat a kid.
That makes me feel really good.
I appreciate that.
-Excuse me. Let me get those menus.
-Yeah. of course.
[Luke] Do you have.
uh. crushed red pepper?
-Yes. I do. I can bring you some.
-Thank you.
You like it spicy?
[Luke] Yeah.
How do you want to raise kids?
Like. what does that look like for you?
[Luke] Hm…
-In one word. traditional.
-Okay.
I do plan to introduce
the religion that I believe in
and the God that I believe in
to my kids. but it's not…
-Expected.
-It's not forced.
I want them to know
that their life is theirs.
-Mm-hm.
-What they want to do with it.
-And we're here to help them do that.
-I wish there were more people like that.
♪ I'm thinking today's the day ♪
♪ Getting out of my way… ♪
Every time I talk to Luke.
I like him more and more.
Luke and I did both give
our ex-partners Ultimatums.
and it's really attractive to me
that he knows what he wants.
I just think we're seeing very eye to eye.
-Yeah.
-On a lot of things.
[Casey] David and I have been together
for over five years.
so it's easy to feel complacent.
But with Luke.
he's a very glass-half-full.
bubbly personality.
so every day is just always a good time.
That's awesome. [laughs] Yeah.
I feel very connected to you.
Feels good.
-Same.
-Okay. good.
♪ This is the life I prayed for ♪
♪ Knew I could find my place ♪
♪ Finally found my way. oh ♪
[music fades]
-[Jessica Grace] You good here?
-[Luke] Yeah.
-I was hoping you'd pick shade.
-And… Huh? Yeah.
-[Luke] Have some mango.
-Is it good?
-[Luke] It's real good.
-Can I eat off your spoon?
-Okay. this was…
-It was very vanilla. [laughs]
-I was happy.
-Listen.
Nothing wrong with vanilla.
as long as you like to mix it up
with a little chocolate too. Come on.
Okay. what is that? "First Corinthians"?
That's what I was reading today.
Really? It says. "When I was a child.
I thought like a child.
acted like a child.
and reasoned like a child."
"When I became a man.
I put childish things away."
-Okay.
-This is a reminder of who I am deep down.
Yeah. I like that a lot.
I think that speaks to your ability
to be a good husband and partner.
It's one of the most frustrating parts
of having to be here.
having to put this Ultimatum on
because I don't want much.
Like. I will do what it takes
to take care of you.
So that's why
it's very frustrating to just. like--
-I can tell my ex all that.
-[pensive music playing]
And she would say. "Great."
If you could figure out
your issues with Monica.
and I figure out my issues with Edris…
-We'd be at home.
Like. we-- Obviously. we're at this point
because we can't figure it out.
I don't want to be alone.
That's why I'm here.
You want to be chosen.
I think that one of the things
that this is challenging is.
how well do I love myself
with someone new? When I'm alone?
And how will that affect
my ability to love a husband.
like. at the end of all of this.
whether it's my ex or not?
[Luke] Hm.
In a long-term relationship
where trust is not solid.
it's really. really easy
to start doubting yourself.
-I'm sure of that.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. I agree.
-[poignant pop music playing]
Oh. it's making me teary-eyed.
just like thinking about it.
♪ We're in this together ♪
Yeah. just like.
my emotions have been all over the place.
[Luke] Hey. it's okay. [laughs]
♪ Never alone ♪
-You deserve that love.
-Thank you.
[music fades]
♪ I feel like something new ♪
[lively rap music playing]
♪ Hello ♪
♪ Whoa. hello. I think I like you ♪
-♪ Ooh-la-la ♪
-♪ Yeah. whoa… ♪
Hi!
-Hello!
-What's up. ladies?
-[David] Hello!
-Hi! Y'all look great.
-Hey. how are you? Good to see you.
-How's it going? Good to see you.
[Monica] Here we go.
-All righty.
-[Ashley] Hello!
[Jessica Grace] Yo.
Hello. hello. What's up?
Where are the drinks at?
It's very interesting seeing everybody
after a week of dating everyone's exes.
-Hi. good to see you.
-Good to see you.
[Monica] With The Choice being tomorrow.
it's very important to make
the right choice in a trial partner.
All right. we ready? Let's play a game.
[Monica] There's definitely a couple guys
that I want to know on a deeper level.
because I am so clear on what I need.
Smoke or fire. red or black cards.
If you get it right. you get to ask
anybody any question you want.
If you get it wrong. we get to ask you
any question of our choice.
-All right?
-Ooh. Good game.
[lively pop music playing]
♪ I swear I'm in a movie… ♪
-Smoke or fire?
-Smoke.
[Luke] Smoke in the fire dress.
[all exclaiming]
[Luke] You got it wrong.
Hayley. who has
the most love languages here?
Who gives you the most
of your love languages. I think?
[Blake] Good question.
-[Killian laughing]
-Not you.
[group laughing]
I would say Killian and David.
-Both.
-[Luke] Okay.
Damn.
[Blake] I'm gonna have
to learn something from you boys.
[group laughing]
[suspenseful. pensive music playing]
[Luke] Smoke or fire?
-[Killian] Fire.
-[Luke] Fire.
-Okay. boy.
Nice. So. Killian. who do you seem
the most compatible with?
[Killian] Um…
To be honest. stuck in the middle. but…
[gasps] Oh. he's in a love triangle.
[group laughing]
I'd say I'd probably laugh
and have the most fun with Hayley.
[Ashley] Aw.
That's sweet.
[group laughs]
We do have fun.
[group laughing]
I've been feeling stressed
because of The Choice coming up.
Ashley. can I pull you?
-Absolutely.
-Let's do it.
[Ashley] Where you want to go?
[Blake] Uh. we gotta get away
from Killian. you know that?
[laughs]
Go way over there.
Ashley and Blake
are getting along very well.
[Ashley] What's been going on?
I'm not ready to get married
to Ashley right this moment.
but Blake issued The Ultimatum.
He's ready for an engagement.
So I am scared
of losing Ashley after this experience.
Choice is tomorrow.
How did you feel about our boat date?
I had a blast.
I think that was the most fun
I've had since we've been here.
-[Blake] Good.
-[Ashley] You nervous about tomorrow?
-No.
-No?
-Are you?
-You're so confident.
-Yeah. Are you?
-No. not nervous. It's just--
Do you have your mind made up?
It's always hard.
Like. that person has to choose me too.
Yeah. [laughs]
-I think that's the scariest part.
-Yeah.
-So. like. yeah. it's scary.
I find the most nerve-wracking thing
that comes next. and I stress about it.
Yeah. What do you think is the biggest
difference between me and your ex?
-You're more light-hearted.
-Light-hearted?
Yeah. he can be hard on me sometimes.
-You're more outgoing too.
-Mm-hm.
-More of. like. an extrovert than he is.
-Yeah.
He puts on a front that he's an extrovert.
He's an introvert.
-Okay.
-[Killian] I don't know how to feel.
For Ash right now. it's like.
what do you got so much
to talk about for this long?
You got this much stuff?
You're having that good
of a time? [laughing]
[Killian] I guess I'll talk to Hayley.
-[Hayley] I was gonna come pull you.
-[Killian] There you go.
Oh. man. I noticed this outfit.
-Yes!
-[Killian] It's very not modest of you.
At all.
I was like. "She's trying to Grammy it."
-Do the Grammys or something in here.
-[laughing]
[Killian] I swear to God.
[Hayley] My dress for The Choice tomorrow?
-So cute.
-[Killian] What color is it?
-Green.
-[gentle music playing]
-Is that your favorite color?
-No. but my suit's green. I swear to God.
-I swear to God.
-[laughing]
We're gonna match!
I mean. I'll be honest with you.
I was planning on picking you tomorrow.
[music fades]
Obviously. no hard feelings either way.
I'm at a point where it's like.
"Who am I gonna get along with?"
-"Who could I grow from?"
-Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
And I want someone to have fun with.
not someone where it's like--
-[Killian] That was my main thing.
-Yeah.
Do you feel like
there's growth if we…
Trial Marriage?
Yeah. for sure.
For sure.
You're so emotionally intelligent.
and. like. I am too.
but it's. like. it's great having
somebody else who is also like that.
-Yep.
-Not just that. You're very goal-oriented.
You're driven. you know. like.
you care about working on your body.
-I appreciate that.
-[Hayley] You care about your career.
You know those are good qualities.
♪ I wanna spend my days with you… ♪
Don't make me blush over here.
You pulling your chair out.
you putting the plates in front of me.
I was like…
[tender pop music playing]
I don't know.
It's sad. the fact that it's
such a big deal to me. You know?
I wanna do that for you.
'Cause I feel like you deserve that.
-Thank you.
-[Killian] Yeah.
-That's sweet.
-You're welcome.
I just feel like
you should know what your worth is
and know that someone
is really willing to do that for you
without having to think about it.
Mm-hm.
And you should never settle
for less than that.
[Hayley] Tomorrow is The Choice.
and it was no doubt David.
but now I'm. like.
Killian's a connection
that really surprised me.
You know. Blake has not been there
for me emotionally.
and seeing that Killian and David are.
I don't know who I'm leaning towards now.
Now I'm. like.
just feeling. like. that anxiety.
[music fades]
-[Hayley] Hello.
-Hey. can I steal Hayley for a second?
-You're stealing me?
-Yeah. for two…
[Hayley] Okay.
…couple minutes.
-Bye. Hayley.
-Bye.
-How are you?
-[Edris] I'm good. How are you?
Good. You look nice.
-Yeah. you smell good.
-Oh. thanks.
-What are you wearing?
-YSL.
-Okay.
-[Hayley] Yeah.
[laughs]
Do you have any birthmarks?
What?
[quirky music playing]
-Why'd you pull me?
-I don't know. I wanted to stare at you.
[laughs] Oh. okay.
I can't just enjoy your company?
You couldn't stare at me
from across the room?
If you want me to.
If you're into that kind of thing.
[softly] No.
I'm not. What are you drinking?
Martini?
No. it's just… It's La Croix with a lime.
Oh.
I forgot you don't drink.
Yeah. are you trying to get me drunk?
It's so funny because I laugh at you.
Yeah. You're not laughing with me?
-No.
-[Edris] That's tough.
Oh my gosh. Jesus. Lord.
[laughing] I can't.
This is awkward. Like…
[Jebin] All righty.
Oh. what's going on. brother mans?
It looking like a sausage fest in here.
[laughing]
This squad right here.
I love this squad right here.
[Blake] Obviously. man.
all these girls want you.
So. who you feeling?
-[Jebin] Ashley and Casey.
-[Blake] Okay.
-I thought Casey was spelled like K-C.
-That's funny.
[Jebin] No. but I'm really. like--
I feel like in general.
I'm just trying to have.
like. easy conversations.
You know what I'm saying?
Because if it's easy. then it's whatever.
I feel. you know. I'm the prize.
So if I'm the prize. then everybody
should be having fun with the prize.
-Need to get that creatine.
-Absolutely.
-Want to go chat?
-Let's do it.
-Okay.
-I'm just. like. casting couch. man.
-[David] Keep them entertained. bro.
-[Jebin] Right? I'm just. no.
[lilting. pensive music playing]
[sighs]
I have not talked
to any of the girls tonight.
but I feel like I got a lot of information
through my dates. so. yeah.
I've been having a--
I want to spend more time with the guys.
[music fades]
[sighs]
Let me go chat it up with the bartender.
♪ 'Cause you're having fun. yeah… ♪
-By the way. you look great.
-Thank you.
-Yeah. I like the jacket too.
-Appreciate it. Thank you.
A little leather moment.
-[Blake] Mm-hm. Yeah. gotta have it.
-Mm-hm.
I think. for me. like. genuinely.
there are certain things
that I've learned about you
that are different from what I'm used to.
I mean. I am curious.
What boxes do I check?
I like that you're a family girl.
You live close to your family.
You do have a business. It is growing.
I think that's very attractive.
-In a sense. a sense of maturity.
-[Monica] Yeah.
-That I could push you on.
-[Blake] Yeah.
I'd be curious to see.
after the. you know. whole experience.
if that's something that I like more.
less. or equal than what I currently have.
Something with you and I is.
I feel like our connection's grown a lot.
Like. each time we have a date.
like. it's grown.
It started out. like. compatibility good.
and from there. it's just gone up.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
That's how I feel too. so…
Yeah.
[hopeful music playing]
If we were to select each other
and go into that Trial Marriage.
I think it'd continue to…
Yeah. I could see that too.
-Yeah. for sure.
-[Monica] Yeah.
I'm between choosing David and Blake
as my Trial Marriage partner.
With David. I feel there's that sexual.
physical connection with him.
but I like the way
that Blake challenges me intellectually.
Both have the qualities
that I was lacking from my ex.
and I've never
been in this position before.
-I don't know what I'm gonna do.
-[dance music playing]
♪ Where have you been?
I've been calling… ♪
-[Jessica Grace] Alejandra! Hello. honey!
-[Alex] Hey!
Yes. I wanna come over.
-Girl.
-How are things with Jebin?
[Alex] I just don't think
that he's taking this fully serious.
I have to say. I was shocked
at how much. like. he wanted to cook.
Like. has he talked about the pyramids?
Yes. And the gorilla. the bear.
the skiing. and the snowboarding.
[Alex] I can see how. like.
immature he is. the way that he acts.
It's so hard. He's always joking.
[Jessica Grace] Is Jebin showing up
that way because it's not in him.
or because he just needs more time?
-[Ashley] I think he needs to be pushed.
-I think he needs more time.
[Ashley] He needs to be pushed.
He needs to not live with his family.
he needs to be in a role as an adult.
-Because he's lived at home.
-[Monica] He feels young.
You feel so mature for your age.
I know you gave The Ultimatum.
but do you feel like if he didn't grow
in the ways that you needed him to.
even if he was ready to propose.
if he wasn't there. like. emotionally.
and maturity-wise. that you'd have
second thoughts yourself?
[Alex] Yeah. for sure.
I would have to just be like.
I can't… I don't see it.
♪ I'm waiting for you ♪
♪ I ain't never felt
The way I'm feeling for you… ♪
[sultry rap music playing]
You look good.
Thank you. You always look good.
-Thanks. What's good?
-[Jessica Grace] You tell me. babe.
[Jebin] Just learning some stuff.
Yeah? What do you think
you've learned the most?
I don't know if it's. like. learned.
I'm not giving you the right
to even express your needs.
And it sucks that
that's. like. what I'm doing.
[poignant music playing]
And. like. trying to get to a point.
like. of a clean slate. if possible.
-What does a clean slate look like?
-I wouldn't hold anything against you.
♪ I've seen your eyes
But now I see them in my dreams… ♪
Do you even want to
do the work with me to get there?
I just feel like
forgiveness is so easy for me
because I understand that it is a part of…
love.
Yeah.
I mean. all of this is on your terms.
Is it not?
I mean. you got the ability
to walk away any moment too.
Do you want me to?
♪ You've heard my voice
But now you're distant in my sight… ♪
I am genuinely
wanting to spend
the rest of my life loving you.
All of you.
♪ If I lose you. I lose my fight… ♪
[Jessica Grace sighs]
I think about marriage and kids. like…
it's you.
This is torture. knowing that
you're connecting with other girls.
knowing that you find them attractive.
Yeah. if this is anything close
to what I made you feel.
this is awful.
[Edris] I don't know how you do it.
You're listening to my mind.
and saying exactly what you need to say.
It's not what--
I'm not trying to say what I need to say.
I'm saying what I feel.
and if that is resonating with you.
it's because we are connected. Edris.
[music fades]
Give me a kiss. please.
No. bubba. a real one.
[laughs]
[tender R&B music playing]
Every choice
is choosing you.
♪ Eyes locked tight
I can't get you out my mind. oh no… ♪
You looking real good tonight. baby.
Your skin looking flawless.
-I know.
-Your hair looking good.
Yeah.
What you been doing?
You been eating or something?
-I haven't been eating. honestly.
-Really?
-Breakfast. you know what you gotta get?
-Hm?
What do you get?
You get Starbucks. don't you?
-I get Starbucks.
-[laughing]
I get a banana and coffee.
No. you need to get. uh. steak and eggs.
And then for lunch.
get steak and mashed potatoes.
For dinner. steak and mashed potatoes
and mashed potatoes.
[laughs]
You don't seem like you're taking it hard.
That's the thing. I mean. why?
-I mean. I have been.
-No. it doesn't seem like it.
No. I definitely have been.
The thing is. is that you don't get deep.
and I feel like you. like. joke too much.
Like. for me. my dates are.
like. very deep conversations.
-Half of it's deep. half of it's laughing.
-Jokey.
Yeah. but you need to show people
that you can be like that.
Because. I'm gonna be honest.
the girls literally tell me all the time.
like. you don't deserve me.
It makes me overthink.
and I'm like. "What am I doing then?"
-I also want you to be--
-Do you want to listen to them. or…?
No. I'm trying to listen.
like. to what I feel.
Yeah. I don't know.
I feel like if you're trying
to listen to other people.
and how they think you should feel. then…
I don't know why we even came here.
[tense music playing]
Here. I got something for you before.
Open up your purse.
[men chattering indistinctly]
[laughs]
-What is it?
-I want you to take this for after.
Aw. Thank you.
-How are you feeling?
-Good. Give me a hug.
-Like you don't know me.
-I know!
-Oh. you smell good.
-[David] Always.
-What do you wear?
-[David laughs] Burberry.
-Mmm. It's good.
-It's like a soft. discontinued one.
-It's very nice.
-Ooh!
-All right. that vintage. [laughs]
-Love it.
Love that vintage. don't you?
-You look great. It's fabulous.
-Absolutely.
Thank you. I wore red again.
-My favorite color?
-Your favorite.
[David] Yes. you did it on purpose.
-[Monica] Where do you want to sit?
-We can sit here and talk real quick.
[Monica] Okay.
Thank you.
It's definitely just feeling the heaviness
of The Choice tomorrow.
-Yeah. same. You and Hayley both top two.
-Mm.
[David] Hayley. me and her
grew up kind of similar.
-Mm-hm.
-So we have that connection.
-Me and you have everything in common.
-Yeah.
-Which is fun. right?
-Mm-hm.
Do I want to go down the route
of being similar.
same as the person again?
-Can that push you almost?
-Yeah.
Or do I want something
that I look for in a wife. for real?
You know what I mean? All the qualities?
Because you have a lot
of very great qualities.
-Thank you. Love that. [laughs]
-You know that.
Yeah. Definitely seeing
a little bit more maturity in you.
-Mm-hm. Yeah.
-Which I really like.
I can tell you're taking
this experience really seriously.
[dramatic. pensive music playing]
[Luke] There's a big connection
between Monica and David.
I knew giving her this ultimatum.
the choice was marry me or move on.
We know what's at stake.
It gets realer and realer
the longer we're here.
It gets closer to that moment of…
I could lose her.
[dramatic. pensive music continues]
♪ The end has come to life ♪
♪ Nothing like this before ♪
♪ We'll show you something different ♪
♪ Experience something new… ♪
[Monica] Going into The Choice tonight
just kind of hit me full force.
I'm here. I'm doing this.
There is no going back.
There's multiple people
that are good matches
for everyone out there.
I think that you can
fall in love multiple times.
-She made it down the stairs.
-I made it. No falls. [chuckles]
I am feeling confident in where I'm at.
and who I want to choose.
I am excited to take on this adventure
and see what comes of it.
♪ Take me where I've never been ♪
♪ To the edge and back again… ♪
[Luke] I hope Monica can't find
someone here that's a better fit for her.
But I do think
her eyes are open to that possibility.
But that's the big risk.
Having issued The Ultimatum.
I believe I deserve the marriage I want.
the kids I want.
-[Nick] What's up. Luke?
-Hey.
And if I can't get that from my ex.
then I have to find it from somebody else.
[dramatic. pensive music continues]
♪ Experience something new… ♪
[Alex] I gave my ex-partner
Jebin The Ultimatum.
But hearing the girls
talk about Jebin the way that they did.
some of the things I do agree with.
Yeah. he does have to grow up.
And then just meeting
all of the other men.
maybe Jebin isn't the person
that I'm going to spend my life with.
I'm feeling really confused and doubting.
♪ It's what we're living for ♪
[music fades]
Well. welcome. everybody.
officially. to The Choice.
I know it's been an eye-opening
and an emotional week for a lot of you.
Just one week ago.
you arrived here as six couples.
One person was ready to get married.
and the other. not so much.
-[Nick] You chose to accept an Ultimatum.
-[pensive music playing]
And you ended your previous relationships.
Now. it's very. very clear.
at this point. what's at stake.
[Vanessa] You're all now single.
Twelve individuals.
With a common goal in mind.
You are all interested in being married.
But the question is.
did you come here with the person that
you'll spend the rest of your life with.
or is someone else a better fit?
[music fades]
But before we get into all of that.
we need to discuss some details
from last night's cocktail party.
We were made aware
of a note that was passed last night.
[suspenseful music playing]
Alex. I believe you received a note.
-[Alex] Yeah.
-[Nick] Who passed you that note?
[Alex] Jebin.
And the producers
actually took it from me.
I didn't read any of it.
We actually have the note.
♪ Adrenaline ♪
♪ Heart pumping ♪
♪ Feel it in your bones ♪
Communication is paramount
in this entire experience.
You all are aware of that.
But that communication.
frankly. needs to happen on camera.
That's part of this experience.
that's part of what
makes this entire process unique.
So we have the note.
I'd love to give you an opportunity
to read the note out loud.
♪ Watch out ♪
♪ It's coming ♪
♪ You can't escape it ♪
This is what you got yourself into.
♪ Step into a new world ♪
[suspenseful music swelling]
♪ There's a hush in my footsteps ♪
[dramatic music playing]
♪ Nothing heard. nothing seen ♪
♪ Looking right before I look left ♪
♪ Resonance in the breeze ♪
♪ Sound ♪
[music fades]